Add a comment on `BUILDKIT_HOST` (#184)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/cli.mdx

```

If your [okteto context](/docs/reference/cli/#context) points to an Okteto URL, images are built using the [Okteto Build Service](/docs/cloud/build/).

> Otherwise, images are built using your local Docker daemon. If you want to use your own BuildKit instance, set the variable `BUILDKIT_HOST` to point to your Buildkit server address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, images are built using your local Docker daemon. If you want to use another BuildKit instance, set the variable `BUILDKIT_HOST` to point to its address, using the format `HOST:PORT`. 
```
